it's two of the hottest smartphones that
everyone has an opinion on it's the
iPhone 6 plus vs. the Galaxy Note 4 so
let's break them down for you and we
start off with design where the iPhone 6
brings a rounded metal unibody design
while the note 4 brings a metal rim with
this faux leather backing size also
matters with the iPhone 6 plus slightly
taller and 158 millimeters compared to
the 154 for the note 4 and the iPhone is
13% thinner at 7.1 millimeters compared
to 8.5 for the note 4 now the 6 plus is
just 2% lighter at 172 grams compared to
176 for the Galaxy Note 4 but this is
all about the screen where the note
floor brings an impressive 5.7 inch
beast with a qHD screen with a 2560 by
1440 resolution now the iPhone 6 plus is
first babblin entry goes at 5.5 inches
at 1080p all right it's Samsung's
TouchWiz versus Apple's iOS 8 user
interface iOS is still the easiest to
use an apple brings a double tap that
allows you to still reach everything on
screen without shifting the position of
your hand and touch ID still works a lot
better than Samsung's fingerprint
scanner but the note 4 can do so much
more with their split-screen
multitasking and stylus specific
applications and functionality that make
Apple's iPhone just look silly really
it's not even a contest now when it
comes to features it's another blow out
these iPhones camera makes some
improvements with a faster autofocus
optical image stabilization and still
brings the best overall color bounce
we've seen even with normal and
low-light situations even with its lower
megapixel count at 8 megapixels compared
to the notes 16 megapixel lens and
Apple's dual LED flash
now touch ID is a lot more responsive
compared to Samsung's fingerprint
scanner and Apple pay has proven to work
very well if it's available but the note
4 brings a micro SD card slot with
expandable storage up to 128 gigs that's
on top of the 32 on the phone a user
replaceable battery which is big a heart
rate sensor that's one of the best on
the market for any device a better
front-facing camera at 3
27 megapixels that shoots 1440p video
compared to apples 1.2 megapixel camera
that shoots 720p and an NFC chip that
really can be used for anything and
isn't tied or locked down Suri has
improved a lot but Google Voice is still
better in speed and accuracy and Google
Maps is still better than Apple maps now
there's so many things both of these
phones can do but no phone can really
top what this note 4 does now
performance is always key so here's the
breakdown in the 3dmark ice storm
unlimited test that the Galaxy Note 4
outperform the iPhone 6 plus but in the
Geekbench 3 benchmark test the 6 plus
was the winner here also based on our
initial video battery drain test the no
4 is the clear winner with it's beefy
battery that gives it over 17 hours of
juice compared to the 6 plus that
squeezed out just under 11 hours so what
does it all come down to it's almost
always the ecosystem that will decide
this for you if you love Android and
TouchWiz you'll side with the note 4 and
if you're deep into the Apple ecosystem
you'll go iPhone but if we strip all
that away there's really no denying that
the no floor does more than any phone or
a phablet can really do with or without
its stylus and it's hands down the best
Babbitt on the market